feat: integrate Connectors in Self-Managed (#1376)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/integration-framework/introduction.md

The Camunda [Connector SDK](./connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk.md) allows you to run Connectors using [runtime environments](./connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk.md#runtime-environments).

> You can consume the pre-packaged runtime environment to execute any set of Connectors as described in the [installation guide](/self-managed/platform-deployment/overview.md).

Reviewer: The installation guide is not explicit about this IMO. I would rather link to http://localhost:3000/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk/#runtime-logic.

Author: The installation guide actually is the only place that is specific on how to consume the runtime in Self-Managed, if you ask me. Since there are different options (Docker, Manual), you have to consult those sections specifically on details then.

Author: I think the best place to link to is actually http://localhost:3000/docs/next/self-managed/connectors-deployment/install-and-start. This covers backend and frontend for Connectors in Self-Managed.

Author: [49833b0](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs/pull/1376/commits/49833b01270769edc560abe2c9ff202f16372efb)

> In Camunda 8 Self-Managed, you can use all the [out-of-the-box Connectors](./connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview.md) provided by Camunda.
> Note that some of the out-of-the-box Connectors are licensed under the [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition license](https://camunda.com/legal/terms/cloud-terms-and-conditions/camunda-cloud-self-managed-free-edition-terms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the [Camunda out-of-the-box Connectors](./connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview.md) in [Self-Managed](/self-managed/about-self-managed/), you need to set them up following the [Self-Managed Connectors Deployment guide](/self-managed/connectors-deployment/install-and-start.md).
Note that some of the out-of-the-box Connectors are licensed under the [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition license](https://camunda.com/legal/terms/cloud-terms-and-conditions/camunda-cloud-self-managed-free-edition-terms/).
```

Author: Fixed with [49833b0](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs/pull/1376/commits/49833b01270769edc560abe2c9ff202f16372efb)
